DOCS-2776: Move data dataset cli (#3284)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/cli.md

viam dataset data add filter --dataset-id=<dataset-id> [...named args]
viam dataset data remove filter --dataset-id=<dataset-id> [...named args]
viam dataset data add ids --dataset-id=<dataset-id> --org-id=<org-id> --location-id=<location-id> --file-ids=<file-ids>
viam dataset data remove ids --dataset-id=<dataset-id> --org-id=<org-id> --location-id=<location-id> --file-ids=<file-ids>
```

Examples:

```sh {class="command-line" data-prompt="$"}
# create a new dataset
viam dataset create --org-id=123 --name=MyDataset

# rename dataset 123 from MyDataset to MyCoolDataset
viam dataset rename --dataset-id=123 --name=MyCoolDataset

# list dataset information from the specified org
viam dataset list --org-id=123

# list dataset information from the specified dataset ids
viam dataset list --dataset-ids=123,456

# delete the specified dataset
viam dataset delete --dataset-id=123

# export dataset abc to output directory ./dataset/example in two folders called "data" and "metadata"
viam dataset export --destination=./dataset/example --dataset-id=abc

# add images tagged with the "example" tag between January and October of 2023 to dataset abc

> viam dataset data add filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=123 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
viam dataset data add filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=456 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example
```
probably worth differentiating

# remove images tagged with the "example" tag between January and October of 2023 to dataset abc

> viam dataset data remove filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=123 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
viam dataset data remove filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=456 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example
```

> # add images with file IDs 123,456 in the org 123 and location 123 to dataset 123
> viam dataset data add ids --dataset-id=123 --org-id=123 --location-id=123 --file-ids=123,456

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# add images with file IDs aaa and bbb in the org 123 and location 456 to dataset abc
viam dataset data add ids --dataset-id=abc --org-id=123 --location-id=456 --file-ids=aaa,bbb
```

> # remove images with file IDs 123,456 in the org 123 and location 123 from dataset 123
> viam dataset data remove ids --dataset-id=123 --org-id=123 --location-id=123 --file-ids=123,456

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# remove images with file IDs aaa and bbb in the org 123 and location 456 from dataset abc
viam dataset data remove ids --dataset-id= abc --org-id=123 --location-id= 456 --file-ids=aaa,bbb
```

```

#### Command options

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Command option | Description | Positional arguments |
| -------------- | ----------- | -------------------- |
| `create` | Create a new dataset | - |
| `rename` | Rename an existing dataset | - |
| `list` | List dataset information from specified IDs or for an org ID | - |
| `delete` | Delete a dataset | - |

> | `data` | `add` or `remove` a new image to an existing dataset by its file id, or `add` or `remove` a group of images by specifying a filter | `ids`, `filter` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data add` | Add a new image to an existing dataset by its file id, add a group of images by specifying a [filter](#using-the-filter-argument) | `ids`, `filter` |
| `data remove` | Remove a new image to an existing dataset by its file id, or remove a group of images by specifying a [filter](#using-the-filter-argument) | `ids`, `filter` |
```

| `export` | Download all the data from a dataset | - |
| `--help` | Return help | - |

##### Positional arguments

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Argument | Description |
| -------- | ----------- |
| `filter` | `add` or `delete` images from a dataset using a filter. See [Using the `filter` argument)](#using-the-filter-argument).|
| `ids` | `add` or `delete` images from a dataset by specifying one or more file ids as a comma-separated list. See [Using the `ids` argument)](#using-the-ids-argument).|
| `--help` | Return help |

##### Named arguments

<!-- prettier-ignore -->
| Argument | Description | Applicable commands | Required? |
| -------- | ----------- | ------------------- | --------- |

> | `--dataset-id` | Dataset to add or remove images from, download, or rename. To retrieve these IDs, navigate to your dataset’s page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), click **…** in the left-hand menu, and click **Copy dataset ID** | `rename`, `delete`, `data`, `export` | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--dataset-id` | Dataset to perform an operation on. To retrieve the ID, navigate to your dataset’s page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), click **…** in the left-hand menu, and click **Copy dataset ID** | `rename`, `delete`, `data add`, `data delete`, `export` | **Required** |
```

| `--dataset-ids` | Dataset IDs of datasets to be listed. To retrieve these IDs, navigate to your dataset’s page in the [Viam app](https://app.viam.com), click **…** in the left-hand menu, and click **Copy dataset ID** | `list` | Optional |
| `--destination` | Output directory for downloaded data | `export` | **Required** |

> | `--end` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the end of the interval | `data` | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--end` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the end of the interval | `data add`, `data delete` | Optional |
```

> | `--file-ids` | File-ids to add or remove from a dataset | `data`, `export` | **Required** |

Reviewer: This description doesn't make sense for an export command.

> | `--file-ids` | File-ids to add or remove from a dataset | `data`, `export` | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--file-ids` | The file-ids of the files to perform an operation on | `data add`, `data delete`, `export` | **Required** |
```

| `--include-jsonl` | Set to `true` to include JSON Lines files for local testing |`export`| Optional |

> | `--location-id` | Location ID for the file ids being added or removed from the specified dataset (only accepts one location id) | `data` | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--location-id` | The location ID for the location in which to perform an operation (only accepts one location id) | `data add`, `data delete` | **Required** |
```

| `--name` | The name of the dataset to create or rename | `create`, `rename` | **Required** |

> | `--org-id` | Organization ID in which to edit the dataset | `create`, `data`, `list` | **Required** |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--org-id` | Organization ID of the organization the dataset belongs to | `create`, `data add`, `data delete`, `list` | **Required** |
```

| `--parallel` | Number of download requests to make in parallel, with a default value of 100 | `export` | Optional |

> | `--start` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the start of the interval | `data`| Optional |
> | `--tags` | Filter by specified tag (accepts comma-separated list) | `data` | Optional |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--start` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the start of the interval | `data add`, `data delete` | Optional |
| `--tags` | Filter by specified tag (accepts comma-separated list) | `data add`, `data delete` | Optional |
```

Author: ok I wasn't sure if I should separate out or not -- will make this change everywhere then

viam dataset list --org-id=123

# list dataset information from the specified dataset ids
viam dataset list --dataset-ids=123,456

# delete the specified dataset
viam dataset delete --dataset-id=123

# export dataset abc to output directory ./dataset/example in two folders called "data" and "metadata"
viam dataset export --destination=./dataset/example --dataset-id=abc

# add images tagged with the "example" tag between January and October of 2023 to dataset abc
viam dataset data add filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=456 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example

# remove images tagged with the "example" tag between January and October of 2023 to dataset abc
viam dataset data remove filter --dataset-id=abc --location-id=123 --org-id=456 --start=2023-01-01T05:00:00.000Z --end=2023-10-01T04:00:00.000Z --tags=example

# add images with file IDs aaa and bbb in the org 123 and location 456 to dataset abc
viam dataset data add ids --dataset-id=abc --org-id=123 --location-id=456 --file-ids=aaa,bbb

# remove images with file IDs aaa and bbb in the org 123 and location 456 from dataset abc

> viam dataset data remove ids --dataset-id= abc --org-id=123 --location-id= 456 --file-ids=aaa,bbb

Author: ```suggestion
viam dataset data remove ids --dataset-id= abc --org-id=123 --location-id=456 --file-ids=aaa,bbb
```

| `--destination` | Output directory for downloaded data | `export` | **Required** |
| `--end` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the end of the interval | `data add`, `data remove` | Optional |
| `--file-ids` | The file-ids of the files to perform an operation on | `data add`, `data remove`, `export` | **Required** |
| `--include-jsonl` | Set to `true` to include JSON Lines files for local testing |`export`| Optional |
| `--location-id` | The location ID for the location in which to perform an operation (only accepts one location id) | `data add`, `data remove` | **Required** |
| `--name` | The name of the dataset to create or rename | `create`, `rename` | **Required** |
| `--org-id` | Organization ID of the organization the dataset belongs to | `create`, `data add`, `data remove`, `list` | **Required** |
| `--parallel` | Number of download requests to make in parallel, with a default value of 100 | `export` | Optional |
| `--start` | ISO-8601 timestamp indicating the start of the interval | `data add`, `data remove` | Optional |
| `--tags` | Filter by specified tag (accepts comma-separated list) | `data add`, `data remove` | Optional |

> ##### Using the `ids` argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Using the `--file-ids` argument
```

| `--org-id` | Org ID for the database user being configured (with `database`) or data being tagged (`tag ids`) | `database configure`, `database hostname`, `tag ids` | **Required** |
| `--org-ids` | Filter by specified organizations ID (accepts comma-separated list). See [Using the `ids` argument](#using-the-ids-argument) for instructions on retrieving these values. |`export`, `delete`, `tag filter` | Optional |
| `--parallel` | Number of download requests to make in parallel, with a default value of 10 |`export`, `delete`, `dataset export` | Optional |
| `--part-id` | Filter by specified part ID |`export`, `delete`| Optional |
| `--part-name` | Filter by specified part name |`export`, `delete`| Optional |
| `--machine-id` | Filter by specified machine ID |`export`, `delete`, `tag filter` | Optional |
| `--machine-name` | Filter by specified machine name |`export`, `delete`| Optional |
| `--tags` | Filter by (`export`, `delete`) or add (`tag`) specified tag (accepts comma-separated list) |`export`, `delete`, `tag` | Optional |
| `--password` | Password for the database user being configured | `database configure` | **Required** |

> ##### Using the `ids` argument

Reviewer: why is this still here? This should be with the dataset section

Author: Bc its used for data tags as well. Can be used for either

> ##### Using the `filter` argument

Reviewer: I think this should also go to dataset section. And you can link to there from data without duplicating.

Author: it's used for both but I will move to dataset section
